I am Ry AB from Ala refugee camp we left
the camp for can Unis we are in constant
suffering I'm trying to find some water
every day we move from here to there
there is nothing left for us it's
ongoing suffering that doesn't stop the
whole situation is very
bad flies and mosquitoes are everywhere
life is
unbearable we went to Rafa to find
drinking water but water here is not for
human
beings I was shocked when I arrived in
Rafa I found no one I didn't even find
cats or dogs there's no Market or shops
every single thing is closed you can't
even buy a bottle of water to drink
Rafa used to be the best place in Gaza
it's where everyone and everything
coming into the strip used to gather but
now it's just too much
suffering we're straying we're displaced
We Fear the war planes and the tanks I
brought some new belongings for my
family we need to live with the minimum
in our hands we're living under siege
and under
aggression people used to live in houses
and apartments now we live in tents if
we can find them and if not then the
Sand's waiting for you to sleep on the
sand we're having to tolerate the
freezing weather in Winter and the hot
weather in
summer after such suffering I have no
message for the world I have only one
word enough enough is enough people are
dying here every
minute make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer